Two nights, Snick welcomes welcome freshman and welcome freshman welcome to Shanice in a special performance at Hawthorne High
Shanice singing hanging Snick in to night on Snick
Night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to Snick
It's clear
Kristen clear amico ultimate
What isn't all other premium gasoline?
What's clear amico ultimate is the only premium refined an extra step to remove harmful impurities other premiums leave in
Impurities that can rob your engine of performance and pollute the air. What's clear if you use premium now
You have a reason to switch crystal clear crystal clear amico ultimate
When peeling back the little bit jello putting snack you throw it away
Okay, what one word best describes a jello putting snack
Final question now to get the last bit of your jello putting snack the proper utensil is
Cool creamy jello putting snacks
I say what's going on all the colors seem to be going into my cupboard
My jello's fruit loops have sucked up all the color now
There's new brighter colors in Kellogg's Fruit Loops the orange lemon cherry and lime look even more delicious
Kellogg's Fruit Loops a more colorful part of your nutritious breakfast. I know how to fix this gray world
That was a bright idea Kellogg's Fruit Loops now
Your colors
This is the super soaker 50 the air powered water gun that shoots so far that while you can run
You can't hide
The genuine super soaker 50 if you don't have one you're all wet
Big pieces little pieces masterpieces pieces pieces
Head pieces neck pieces mouth pieces
Famous flavor of Reese's peanut butter in a fucking a shell you love up to pieces
When I'm feeling blue I grab a hold of my friends. We know what to do this brain or face
It really makes us smile just me and my friends in my crocodile mile
Racing down the slide it sure is cool flying through the air to the splash down
Shooting along it's totally wild just me and my friends in my crocodile mile
Marcia
My wife is pregnant at the time
He's going to a church
needs to play drums and
She used to tell me that
My son was kicking. I said what must be something later on is going to happen
It makes me happy
Come to snick Saturday night Nickelodeon now, you'll know what everyone's talking about on monday morning
Good evening tonight. I'd like to interrupt my homework with this medical warning
Signs point to an outbreak of the dreaded affliction experts call E
P s better known to the layman as empty pocket syndrome
It's more deadly than a case of the venezuelan flu
Empty pocket syndrome strikes innocent teenagers without warning like a pop quiz from hell and there's only one dire symptom
No money. What are the vital warning signs of eps? Let's take a look at a few case studies
Take the case of laurence t lived it up and paid the price of the spiro gyros family restaurant
Last scene scraping the gum off every table in the place not a pretty picture
Then there's the case of susan k bought her whole wardrobe on credit fell victim to terminal eps and now
She's got to squeegee her way out of debt
And the big question remains
What can we do to prevent another case of eps before it really hits home?
There is the usual route allowance, but my dad still calculates money in 1963 dollars
No bank would give me a loan and forget about borrowing money from furgatoid. His interest rates are brutal
No, there's only one surefire cure for eps. I know it sounds terrible, but if I really want some money
It's time for me to go out there and
Get a job
No
Maybe
Definitely not
I think it was either albert einstein or michael milken who first discovered that time equals money
And since i've got to invest some time in making some money
I figure the first step in getting a job is looking for a job
But these health wanted ads are all written in code. It's like do I really want to be
an advocate?
I don't know if that's an accounting position or a new rap group. Then there's
Which either means they want me to work full-time or else change a flat tire
It's tough to read between the lines when you don't know what the lines mean
Hi, sam
Hi, chlorissa. How's the job hunt going?
Not bad. Sam, how are you with hieroglyphics?
Probably rusty. Why?
What's in a system? I don't put purview
Let me see that
Wow
Either that's written in some kind of weird abbreviation or it's a help wanted ad for spies
Oh forget it. I'll never get anywhere this way
But I know lots of kids adapt their school jobs
Why is it so hard finding one sam? I'm not just looking for any job
I'm looking for the job the perfect job
Something that will fill all my financial logistical and spiritual needs on a part-time basis, of course
I'm surprised you haven't kissed a lot of frogs yet
What?
Kissed a lot of frogs
Sam, I'm not about to get some job in a weird amphibian dating service
No kissing a lot of frogs is my dad's approach to getting a job
But your dad already has a job. He's a big deal sports writer
Totally cured of eps. Yeah, but he wasn't always that way
First he got a job as a door-to-door bungee court salesman
Then he got a job with the high-wire acrobatics company
That led to announcing American gladiator matches, which got him the job on the chronicle
And now sports writing is the only job for him
I get it. Try a bunch. Keep the one you like
Sam, I think it's time for a radical new approach
Time for operation kiss a lot of frogs
Let's just hope I don't get a case of wart lips
Oh, there she is the young almost working woman of the 90s
Eat a toad flea brain. Well your attitude could use a little work
Still
There is potential and more I see potential
I see money
Excuse me fergwa, but this is a human being's only zone
At least I have a job
Yeah, too bad being the most annoying person on the planet isn't a paying position nonsense
My job brings in money
Cold hard cash
Take a look at this presidential portrait. Oh, please. That's a five-dollar bill and dornie saying you two years ago
Why don't you spend it already? It's a display model
And there's plenty more where that came from now that I'm a certified qualified job placement analyst
I could be convinced to help you
You wish
Simply fill out this questionnaire and I guarantee job placement
Within the week and if I don't get the job
Then you get to keep the questionnaire
Get lost fergwa. You'll come back. They all come crawling back
Uh, you better run that by me again, hun
Well, I can't say for sure, but it looks like our bill keeps going up when our food consumption stays the same
Let me see that receipt
Hey sport, how's the job hunting going? I try to offer my services dad, but she's got what executives call attitude
Larissa look I bought some more of that ham you like so much
Thanks dad, but I don't need ham
Well, sure you do and this stuff keeps disappearing
Don't look at me dad. You know how I shun all between meal snacks
Janet
I haven't been eating any marshal. Well, if nobody in this family is eating this stuff
How come we keep buying it and it keeps disappearing? I mean, I'm not eating
Marshal, I believe his name is clipper. You know that kid is eating our food
Now why why does that make me crazy? It's your genetic code. You're a hunter gatherer marshal. No, I think it's the food bill, huh?
No marshal. He just has a very active metabolism
I remember once Joey Russo ate my family's Christmas dinner and then went out for a slice of pizza
Don't worry. Clifford will go out of it. Terrific. In the meantime, I'm in the cliford spleen her for diet
Buy everything you want. Don't eat a thing. Please save me a bagel. Oh
I've got the last one right here
Oh, I can't keep doing this. What's that Clarissa? There's too many factors in finding a job
Even if I do kiss a lot of frogs
Frogs just metaphoric ones mom
I'm heading down to the library. Mrs. McDervis said she'd help me get organized. Who's Mrs. McDervish? The librarian. Oh, she's pretty cool
I never met an 80 year old who can wail on the bass guitar before
Anyway, she said she'd give me a hand. I'll be back soon. Clarissa, take the human eating machine with you. Will you?
Okay, come on cliford
Okay, are you still hungry cliford? Nah, I'll just have a bagel. Oh, come on
We better go
That kid his name is cliford. Uh-huh
If you need me Janet, I'll be in the front yard gathering nuts and berries for the long winter ahead
This is harder than I thought
Still, I'm majorly organized. Thanks to mrs. McDervish
She even gave me ride home in her red corvette convertible
We went over every employment possibility from cataloging comic books and blow drawing poodles to filing away fish heads
And slapping together a decent hot dog. I'll get out there. I handed out resumes. I sold myself
How can I be so bushed when I haven't even started working yet?
Hi sam
Hey, Clarissa, guess what? Casablanca is playing this week at that cool old movie theater downtown. Let's check it out
You know, I love the classic sam, but I'm right in the middle of this frog kissing thing
Yeah, so how to go I've got one hot prospect. What is it the beaten bongo that new cd store?
That would be awesome. Yeah great perks free cds two cute guys already work there and they pay real money
What more could you ask?
The only downside is every time I interview there I buy a new cd
So so far the job is costing me money bad strategy. Yeah, but I'm not worried
After all the beaten bongo ranked number one on the Clarissa index
Do you mean you've got your own index sort of
See working four hours a day three days a week at the beaten bongo would equal two movies and a small
Mall splurge every Saturday. Cool. Looks like you've got this stuff pretty covered
Yeah, but it's still all hypothetical. I mean, I haven't gotten the job yet. You will
I hope they practically promised it to me. Well, I've got to get going if you want to see Casablanca
Let me know before it leaves town. No problem. Okay. See you later. Bye
Now all I've got to do is wait for the phone to ring. That shouldn't be too hard. Should it?
Stupid phone
Not the kawaii's club
This is torture. Hello sis
Mind if I dust a few cobwebs off the family phone unit back off for what I'm using the phone
Do you live in a parallel universe where you use the phone by not talking on it back off?
I'm waiting for the beaten bongo to call
I advise you pack a couple of magazines in a sandwich for that way. They're not going to call
How would you know slug face? I happened to pass by the beaten bongo on my way home from school
It's a half a mile out of the way. I took the scenic route for your sake and you'll never believe what I saw
Roman stanchati behind the counter
Stinky roman stanchati the owner's nephew looks like he's their new cashier
Everyone in town was after that job and everyone in town bought a couple of CDs while filling out an application
Stunning marketing technique if I do say so myself
Just remember sis. My services are still available. So act now while you're still marketable
One bit of advice for Detroit. You better run now while you're still capable
Could it be I'm totally unemployable
Hello
Burt's bait bucket
Yes, this is Clarissa darling
You what you will
assistant slob attendant
Okay
I did it. I got a job
Okay, so it's cleaning bait, but at least it'll cure EPS
Uh, you're Clarissa darling. Yeah. Well, I'll put her there a little doggy
The boss from what a weenie hotdog shack wants to hire you the doreen had a wipe out on a mustard slick splat
Should have seen it. So you want the job, but I just told Burt's bait. Come on. Come on. The hotdog business needs you frankly
Get it frankly
I'll take the job. Great. All right now get your buns down there
Get it buns
I kill me
I don't believe it
I've got two jobs. Hey sport. Guess what?
Mrs. Budesta pod down at the precious poodle playpen. She's looking for some part-time help and she wants to hire you
I've got three jobs
Hey, Clarissa great news. I heard these two comic book geeks talking about planet fantastic 2000
They hired you. You got a job. Oh, no
But I thought you wanted a job sam. I don't have a job. I have too many jobs
How am I ever gonna do them all?
I
More Clarissa more snake after this
Little's pet shop place. It's the perfect place for all your pets. Now. I've got the whole pet shop
Little's pet shop place that comes with everything you see here
This week's nick and welcome freshman welcomes a special musical guest
Petra the lovely Shanee. Oh, it's Shanee's
It's a special performance at Hawthorne High when Shanee sings and Shanee snicks tonight at 8 37 30 central
You're watching nick and now back to Clarissa explains it all
Okay, now that I've made the transition from completely unemployed to totally over employed
It's job juggling time. I mean it's only been a week, but so far so good
So far
Monday means work at Bert's bait bucket. I'm executive assistant in charge of fish heads if I play my cards, right?
I could be promoted to cod
Tuesday I'm at planet fantastic 2000 and I now actually know the difference between squidman's utility belt and the dr
extrapulsa ray
If it's the precious poodle playpen, it must be wednesday the poodles eat better than I do
Who says it's a dog's life?
And on thursday, it's time for me to strap on the roller blades and head out to what a weenie drive-thru hot dog shack
So that's my week looks great on paper
I took every job on a trial basis to start out and the one that works out
I'll keep plus on friday. I get to kick back and relax should be a piece of cake, right?
Hey there sport
What's up dad? Oh, I'm just gonna have myself a little snack of koreami delicious
Nothing
It's gone
That kid
Dad his name is cliford. Oh, this is like a horror movie. Nothing is safe. Now. You got to talk to this guy
Dad, what do you want me to say? I don't know. I mean, it's not that i'm cheap or anything. You know, it's just that when i'm trying
It's gone my toasted almond ice cream pop that I put in the back. It's gone
I mean, what is this kid guys? He got sonar or something you have got to stop him before he eats again
Okay, okay. I'll try and sport. Yeah dad make sure you keep your hands and your feet away from his mouth
Got it dad. Oh
Time for work. Oh, uh say sport listen, um
Your mother and I we're very proud of all these jobs you've been going after you know your work ethic and everything
Thanks dad
But just make sure you don't uh overdo it, you know because there is such a thing as executive burnout
Don't worry dad. I don't think i'm executive enough to burn out. Yeah, right. I was just checking
Now listen, I got a candy bar in my sock drawer upstairs, and I'm gonna go up there right now
And if it's missing this kid is in big trouble
Okay, dad executive burnout no way
Just remember the little engine I could
I think I can I think I can I think
I'm late
Well, I guess the only way to remember where you're going is to remember where you've been
This week. I've been all over the place
Clarissa honey, you're late for dinner. What was a little harder than I thought mom? Oh, I'm not that hungry
By the way, do I smell like halibut to you?
Clarissa honey, you're late for dinner. Too tired to eat mom. We put a new batch of microman up for sale today
What are those comic book geeks or fishes?
Clarissa honey
dinner
What time is it? What day is it?
Oh, sorry mom
I've seen one too many bacon biscuit treats to eat right now
How do I get all this dog hair off of me?
Turn to my schedule. I can sleep now for approximately
Hi sam
Hey bud, can't you had a bad time? No, this is fine
Just catching up on my sleep deprivation experiment. Well, it's friday. You're free right free
Casablanca remember sure sure remember
Sam, what do I remember?
You said by friday you could kick back and relax
Oh, sure right
Just let me get my shoes on and we'll party all night
Clarissa, I thought you said that you got all these jobs to improve your lifestyle now. You haven't got a life
Maybe you better slow down
Normally I would sam but I can't see I've just been offered double shifts double shifts on which job
Does the phrase all of them mean anything to you?
Clarissa you already burn out
Sam
If I can take the heat for just one more month. Look at what I can get
Whoa a car
Clarissa index says one more month of hard labor and I've earned the first down payment
You know, you might even be able to afford the top of the line straight jacket when all this work drives you crazy
Catch you later
See you sam
Great
Now all I have to do is get back to work
Again again
Wait a minute now everything is here
Of course everything's there dad. I have to carry your little problem by killing two birds with one stone
Oh, yeah, have you you mean that kid dad? His name is clifford
I enrolled him in the first and darling job placement program
I matched this talents with disabilities and interests
Schemed a little off the top and presto clifford spleen her first now gainfully employed delivering groceries far far from your kitchen
That's great
Dad, here's my bill
What's this for?
Well dad, I believe you have a vested interest in clifford's employment
Besides, you can't expect him to pay me before his first paycheck arrives
Oh
Ferguson
Yeah, I'm not paying this
Great dad
Way to teach me a lesson in personal ethics. Has anyone seen Clarissa?
She was supposed to be at bird's bait marketed for well, that's strange
I just saw her down at the precious poodle playpen impossible. I was just heckling
I mean supporting her at the water when you drive here. Well, then where is she?
A little confused
Sport what happened?
Hard to say
Last thing I remember was trimming mrs. Corn Trotter's Yorkie. The pooch has a mohawk now
She needed a new walk. Well, it's not the end of the world sweetheart
It's not the end of the story either
See these three poodles went nuts after feasting on a leftover bag of fish heads from bird's bait bucket
It's gross
It's not as gross as the wads of dog hair that fouled up the cash register at planet fantastic 2000
Plus they just backwatered 300 issues of my little pony instead of the pulverizer
So what will notice?
Clarissa, are you all right?
Yeah, sure mom. I'm fine. There's just one little thing
Mm-hmm. I got fired. Oh
From which job?
Does the phrase all of them mean anything to you?
Oh Clarissa
I don't believe it
No, no, no, I mean I don't believe I didn't think of it sooner. The Ferguson darling unemployment counseling center
Thanks sis and thanks for being a loser. I gotta get to work
Clarissa, I'm gonna draw you a nice hot bath. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, you stay right there sport
I'm gonna go get that that heat pad thing that I use and it's guaranteed to take all your aches away. Okay. Thanks dad. All right
But now for the really good part
I'm not even getting canned and take the thrill out of
Oh Clarissa, I hate to tell you but mrs. Boudeste from the precious cradle playpen told me to give you this
It's a bill
I'm being charged with dog hair cleanup dietary readjustment fees and emotional stress
Yikes, and here's a bill from Bert's bait bucket for a goose of flounder heads great
And here's a bill from planet fantastic 2000 for dog hair removal fees plus customer relations damage costs
And here's a bill from what a weenie
I get the picture
So long first paycheck
We hardly got to spend heat Clarissa. You owe the same amount you got paid not quite. There's still five dollars left
Which reminds me you're five dollar loan for the rollerblades, right?
Great now I'm back where I started a terminal victim of
Hello
Yes
Oh, hi mrs. McDervish, you know, I don't think I'll be needing your job consulting anymore. I'm
What?
Could you turn the reggae down just a bit?
Oh, that's better
You heard
You what?
That's great
Okay, I'll see you there. Does something good just happened? Are you experiencing another psychotic mood shift?
I've got a job
Not again. It's okay, sam
Mrs. McDervish just hired me as her research assistant at the public library
It may not make me fabulously wealthy, but hey, it's a job
Now let's see
If I work three hours a day 40s a week I can still
Clarissa
Don't worry, sam. It's the library. How much trouble can I get into?
How was the first day on the job Clarissa?
Not bad. It's amazing how calm peaceful and quiet a library can be
All right, how about the working man and what does he do stab you in the back?
I can't believe anyone would stab you in the back when they could just hit you over the head with a frying pan
Clifford's fleeing her first planning to sue me just because he got himself fired
Fired
I mean that kid's on the loose again. Oh, that means no sandwich is safe
You didn't tell me that I could get canned just for eating the groceries instead of delivering them
I want justice. Um, uh, how about some egg salad instead?
Okay
No, not again Clarissa. Sorry dad. I'd like to help you, but it's just not my job
Stay tuned for more snick, but the roundhouse gang's got the night off
They'll be back next week and that means something special is coming up now
It's a special welcome freshman performance by shaneese. Okay. It's shoe time next on snick
For the west coup
Clarissa explains it all was taped in nicolodian studios at universal studios or lando florida
Get with the programs
Can't jumpy
From taiko and minibun. It's gonna blow just a little more. She's right. They can't hold any more cinnamon or sugar
But I knew they were
Then all of a sudden the cyclone was huge
Swirl every minibun with the maximum blast of cinnamon and sugar
Look
Now you can see the blast of cinnamon and sugar in keloch cinnamon minibuns part of this complete breakfast
Cinnamon sweet to the max cb. They said it couldn't be done. Now. I have a puppy surprise too
How many puppies one two and a third to teeny tiny puppies. How cute surprise surprise
It's puppy surprise
Now there are teeny tiny puppies
Four puppies and two are teeny tiny puppy surprise
How many puppies are there in three puppies and one's teeny tiny keel need extra love
Surprise surprise surprise surprise comes with three four five puppies
At least one is a teeny tiny puppy one in four comes with four five eat so separately
Better stay here. It's pretty rough ride
Yeah, right
Brother doesn't know what my marie flexor can do
Spring-loaded fork handles the tough stuff. No problem. The oversized tubing is made for rug and writing
No idea what my marie flexor can do, but he does now
Hey flexor by Murray
Hey, how about some zoom ball?
Once you played zoom ball life seems a bit slower
Zoom ball is the fastest glide you've ever tried. It's there and back in less than a second
zoom ball from pressman
If you really want to get someone wet, there's one sure way to go about it
The super soaker 200
The genuine super soaker 200
Think of it as a waterfall you can aim
Peeling back the little bit jello punting snack you throw it away
Lick it!
Okay, what one word best describes a jello pudding snack?
Tasty!
Sorry, squishy, squishy
Final question now
To get the last bit of your jello pudding snack the proper utensil is
spoon
Cool creamy jello pudding snacks
Nick mania goes on a one-on tomorrow get two hours of salute your shorts
Form maniacal episodes with sponge, but nick and hug watch nick mania tomorrow on nick
This Nickelodeon film is made by a lot of kids and a lot a lot of teeth roll on
Roundhouse makes way for welcome freshman and a special guest perhaps you know her by the name
Shanice, Shanice Snicks on welcome freshman next
Let's move it you see slugs punctuality
Morning, mr. Lemon
Oh just where do you think you're going with all this?
To mr. Lucas class. I'm on the AV squad
We're entrusting thousands of dollars of electronic equipment to your slippery hands
But I'm a wizard this stuff
Once I took apart our tv and when I put it back together it was a radio
Very well
You know it is 902 these things are better taken care of before class starts
But I didn't want to wheel this stuff too quickly
These halls can be treacherous
Good thinking Walter maybe this is your forte after all
On your way
What rhymes with lyre
What's a good word to describe fog
How many notebooks are you gonna fill with that stuff? Nobody cares about your dumb songs
You've never even heard them now come on a word to describe fog
How about fog like
Man, it's mr. Luca which
Mr. Luca
You don't have her
I just took up a vcr in her class. She goes ballistic
For no reason
Well, I couldn't find a place for the input jack. So I plugged it straight into the wall
And now I blew out all our computers
Words are shocked
Nah, nothing surprises me anymore
Never let us hear your songs. We'll go easy on you. Yeah, Aaron. Let's see these lyrics
Come on dork. That's a work in progress
Okay, here's an old one
Do you know can you show do you hear are you near shut up? I like that. What's it called?
What am I school? It's on my demo tape
You'll never hear jerk
I'll play it for you sometime when we both have a free period great
I think better get here soon. Lippin's really been cracking down on lateness. Where is kevin at the hotel?
It still amazes me hasn't been fired yet. Remember when they caught him sound asleep in the laundry cart
That job just wears him out. Yeah, he thinks he'll build up his pecs by carrying luggage
Oh, where are my manners after you let me get this out of your way
I'll tell you what
Kevin
Why don't I just leave the bag here and I'll get it myself. Oh, no, I couldn't do that. I'd get fired
Where would you like? Oh, anyway, it's fine. Oh great
If you need anything just dial zero there's ice in the mini fridge and
extra towels and
Hey, you look familiar
I do. Hey, did you graduate from Hawthorne?
I'm not from around here
Oh
I know I've seen you somewhere
It could be tv
Oh, right. Don't you play basketball in high heels?
Oh, good because those women look like idiots
I love your smile. Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Oh, wow
She needs
Oh, this is great. I'm sorry. I should have. Oh, do you want an extra pillow? No
Thank you very much
Oh, it was nice meeting you wait. Let me put this up for you
Very impressive
All in today's work. Bye. See you
Oh
Mark my words miss patruca. It's all this rock and roll. They're listening to turns their minds to mush
No wonder they're always late for class
Really, sir. Some of those new songs are quite catchy
Sousa's my man. He wrote music that said something like
Move it
I'm tightening the gears in this sloth factory. Take a look at this
Bargain bin special now you dope below that
76 best-loved salsa marches
Sousa no matter from now on every time that class bell rings
I want this music piped out over the loudspeakers shuttling you drones briskly to class
Is that within your skills?
No problem. I'll just splice the starter wire from the class bell to the cassette drive
No, that's neither to it. I like to hear walter
You know what miss patruca that boy may have finally found his calling
Shall we to lunch?
Any room for me how was work catch up on your sleepinny
It just so happens I spent the morning chatting with someone quite famous
You did who a hot young recording artist currently torching the pop charts
Perhaps you know her by the name shinice. You met shinice. I see now. It was destiny. We have so much in common
What you can't let the five pound carry on either
It's amazing
Well, I told her to pencil me in for breakfast tomorrow in the vip lounge
Kevin, would you get for my demo tape?
Uh, sure. Why not erin shinice isn't going to sit around listening to some unknown spass who's written a few songs
Cut it out grant if kevin's that friendly with her. I'm sure she'll listen as a favor
Except this is my only copy. Oh, that's too bad. Well, maybe the next time she's on tour
I could make a dub at home and give it to you tomorrow. I go straight to the hotel tomorrow morning
I know walters installing a cassette deck in limon's office right now. Crazy. Come on, alex. You can hear it now
Do you know can you show show me where we can have a conversation?
Why are we talking? I'm impressed erin. You have a nice sound. Thanks. What do you think walter?
I think I should have labeled these wires
I wrote march into broken teacups. Perhaps my favorite
Walter, what are these interlopers doing in my office? Uh, I needed someone to hold the woofer while I adjusted the tweeter
See you walter
Now it is almost one. Am I going to hear some suza?
What's that?
I'm not sure, but I think it's the phone
Hello
speaking
Your who's manager
Shanice never heard of her
I don't care what you think of my smile
What a stein school concert
Uh, huh. Yeah, very clever and you get to use my school for a motherload of free publicity
Nothing doing now. I've got some real music to listen to
Are we coming walter all set sir come here miss patruca. I want you to see this
Cute what to who erin's tape stupid. Did you give it to shanice? Oh that uh, no, I didn't even see her today
What?
You made it sound like you guys were separated at birth
Erin's gonna be really disappointed. Believe it to me. I'll think of something
I'll think fast. Hi kevin
Oh, hey, erin. Did you give her the tape? I sure did hand
She really liked it
That's fantastic. It's the most exciting thing since I've ever happened is with you
I didn't want to disappoint her. Yeah, but what happens when she finds out?
Who's gonna tell me shanice?
That ought to do it. Sorry about the mix up mr. Lipman. I suppose there's still time to redeem yourself
It's two minutes to tan. I'm going down to the east wing to hear the levels
Okay, and crank it up. Most of the kids in this school are already half deaf
Oh
Hello
Oh, hi mr. Superintendent sir
This is walter
Yeah, I've heard a lot about you too
No, he's not here right now
Stay in school concert. Oh
You turn that down
Right hung up on the manager and everything
Yeah, I can take your message. Hold on
Okay, shoot
head
on
a
stick
No, that is angry
I'll give him the message
Okay, bye. I guess that's lippin's plan to cut down on lateness
He wants us to run for our lives
Hey kevin your friend may be coming to Hawthorne
Who?
Shanice she gave a concert in middlebury and rumor has it she's coming here
That's great. You'll be able to ask her about your teeth. I know would you introduce me?
Uh, sure, I guess
You look awful
My dad picked this shirt out
Mr. Lipman
Oh, I see you got your message. I think the superintendent wanted you to get on that right away
I am trying you chuckle hip and you scrambled every wire in my office. How long do I get a dial tone?
I think you set the coffee maker for two cups
Ever trust a two-time freshman
Nickelodeon want you to know that not all the scenes in are you afraid of the dark are scary
For example in this scene just a boy listening to the radio
Okay, skip that. Well right here just a girl with a flash line
Next okay, not a bit scary here with the glasses
All right, it's a little scary
But if it wasn't you'd have no excuse to hide under the furniture watch
Are you afraid of the dark tonight at 9 38 30 central only on snick
From Moto Sykes
They're not motorcycles
But Moto Sykes aren't like any bikes you've ever seen
They're tested tough and now they're off in a test track
Are you ready for Moto Sykes?
I'll make you all better now
Baby check up
The fever's high today
The medicine I'll give you makes it go away
I'll make you all better now
Baby check up
Wrong brontosaurus breath. I'm not just a dinosaur. I'm rocky D. Dinosaur extraordinaire
Wow you eat rocks?
Well, certainly not those hard things you find on the ground
But these totally cool new soft and chewy rocks rocks candies look like rocks feel like rocks
Hey, they don't taste like rocks. They're green. Yep five dynamite fruit flavor
Excellent
You can get your rocks from Brock's Brock's rocks now
We're rocking with Brock's rock
Sorry
Oh, okay. What's it going to take uh a limo cash. How many zeros are we talking?
Hey another call would you hold? What is it? Oh, hello, sir
Uh, yes, uh smooth as silk
Uh, oh, I agree a stay-in-school concert would be a big plus for Hawthorne
Uh, we were just discussing what sort of cheese she'd like in her dressing room
Uh, yes, I know kick from here to the moon
Hello
Walter
I don't get what's her face to this school. My career will be
Uh-oh
You know if shenees comes to school Aaron's gonna find a way to ask her about the tape
All right
I guess I got to figure out a way to get it to shenees for real
But how you said she wouldn't know you if she hit you with her tour bus
Um, at least I can go to a room again. Remember I am a bell boy
What the
My uniform it's gone
You mean you were a bell boy
Yes
Bell miss
You're not a bell boy
Oh, I'm the guy that checked you in yesterday. Remember Kevin
All right. You want an autograph?
Uh, sure that'd be great
To Kevin the strong man
Thanks, shonees, but can I talk to you a second? Well, I'm kind of busy right now. Thanks
I have this friend and she's a songwriter a really good one and she gave you a tape
How'd you know? Wild guess
Well, you don't have to listen to it. I already did and it's excellent
Oh, well, thanks for saving me the time of forming my own opinion. No problem
Here it is. So when my friend asks can you just say you liked it?
Yeah, sure. And when she asks what I especially like I can just stand there smiling like an idiot, right?
I mean, no
So when is this imaginary conversation supposed to take place anyway when you give your concert a Hawthorne?
I'm not going to Hawthorne some jerk. They mr. Lippman over there turned me down. Oh, yeah
Mr. Lippman. He's our jerk. I mean our vice-principal
I don't care what he is. I think he's a
Another one good afternoon, madam. Just wondering if you want towels shampoo or Kevin
What are you doing out of uniform? This is highly irregular
What are you doing in uniform? You're not a bell boy. You're doing right. I'm the bell captain
In charge of the whole stinking fleet of you
Say, aren't you the lovely chenille? It's shoneys
Whatever you got some big fans over at Hawthorne High
Are you still here to put the mints on the pillows?
Must everything wait till the last minute
So how do you know these fans of mine at Hawthorne? How I'm their vice
janitor
Naturally, I get talking with the kids
Naturally, how they look up to you pop stars. I tell you a guiding word from someone in your position can work miracles
You know
You got me thinking. Yes. Yes. The towels in the bathroom need changing. Do you want me to
No problem
I can move a bit from here to there
Is that bad? Uh, I wonder if Kevin's left yet. He's my strongest worker. Oh, I can move those two huge bags way up there
Kevin
Did you give shinny's the tape? Yeah, but it doesn't matter
Lipman said no to the concert. I heard
Well, at least you're off the hook
By the way security look at your locker. They said whoever did it must have been deranged
They're right. It was lipman
What would he want with your uniform?
He came to shinny's room. He changed his mind
So she's coming to Hawthorne after all after having lipman for a bellboy. She's probably on the space shuttle by now
Hey, where are you going to tell erna lide? I don't get you shinny's isn't coming and you're telling her anyway
I better wear your crash helmet
Hey, I'm gonna ask her to smooth let down. She won't even know she's mad at me
Kill you you lied to me
Wait, I went to the hotel this morning and I really did give her the tape
Oh, oh, so she did hear it. Well, I didn't say that
Next time you want to do me a favor
Call in sick
Look, I'm sorry and I'll understand if you never speak to me again
Well, you are a jerk for lying to me
But at least you admitted it
Attention students may I have your attention, please? There will be a very special
Musical thing at 2 p.m. In the gym
That is all
Well, mr. Lipman, shinny's is really coming to Hawthorne
She better be spent a half an hour scrubbing her tub
I think you can sit in that sound booth and not mess anything up
This stuff's easy
Uh-oh
Is Walter in charge of sound?
Better tell me when this thing is turned on Walter
I don't want to make a baboon of myself in front of those bored of ed pencil pushers
Sure thing mr. Lipman
Yeah, it's him. All right
Thanks so much boys girl members of the board of education
Now I want you to pay attention to an important message from the hottest musical star ever to visit Hawthorne
Shaniel
Whatever
High school can be a real pain sometimes, right?
Mindless work
lousy food
And teachers who sometimes know less than you do
But there is so much to learn not only about math English in the world
But about yourselves
I know you hear it a lot and that's because it's true
Stay in school
You may not like it now, but you'll be glad you stayed with it
Hey, how about a song?
And you can accomplish whatever you want in fact some of you are doing that already
Do you know can you show show me where we can have a conversation
Where we walk and where we're talking?
No one else is waiting there
Here Shaniel was in town. I said to myself Lipman. Here's a chance to show those kids how much you care
Mr. Lipman, we have to talk you destroyed my locker locker
What's this all about?
He's just reciting some lyrics to that wonderful song to talk to your little friends, but I need my bellboy uniform back
Back
Maybe she wanted to take me on as a songwriter. I could tour with her
And now you've really got her started
Let the kid dream alex at least she has talent
Can you show show me where we can have a conversation
Where we're talking where we're walking?
No one else is waiting
Oh, hello everyone stumpy here. And do you smell what I smell? Is it old socks? Is it rancid milk?
Wait, I know that's the unmistakable odor of my lovable pal ren that means ren and stumpy is next
Oh, I sneak for joy
Boy in my school
Welcome freshman was recorded at Nickelodeon studios at universal studios florida
You may now put the remote control down
Sneaking requires no glicking
Here
Another hair blasters from taiko
I've got some news for those guys who play two sports try five
When you play five sports, you really need something this good right testing time
Really really good stuff
Daddy watch me feed my baby
My baby
You can fill it again
And she loves cherries from her jar. She is my baby
My hero optimus prime
Transforming from big rig into powerful robot. He's the greatest Autobot warrior of them all
With a hidden battle platform
Twin rocket launchers for double the damage and a light and sound power pack for real battle action
And when optimus talks
The decepticons will run for cover
Transformers generation two optimus prime is all you see here
Hide your cookie
Yoshi and mario have a cookie factory gone mad only you can help sort them stack them and make them disappear
One player
Two players four four
Yoshi's cookie a NES and game boy
Nick mania goes on a one-on tomorrow get two hours of salute your shorts for maniacal episodes with sponge
But nick and hug watch nick mania tomorrow on
My boyfriend playton hi
Why am I not
Go with parents. I just called her up for a night and I said I like you when he said I like him
So started going out. No, you talk. No, you know you need to tell me
I'll tell you
Hi go for a mic a Valentine's claim bike
Elizabeth a box of chocolates this long go for a mic
realistic facial moss
And you can dress new action log for adventure with these great new action outfits
There's log of arabia officer log
Athletic log and cheerleader
You can explore uncharted arctic terrain with sergeant log of the ucon
And get set for super secret spy action with agent double o log
And how about the all-new log
lion tamer play set
And girls you'll swoon when you hear singing log
You can be just like dad with the armchair quarterback adventure play set
And you'll have hours of fun playing doctor with the log authentic civil war first aid station
Yes, when it's this much fun
It must be long
Thank heaven my cousin Sven is coming to visit
I still remember the days when Sven and I were in the helping box together
I can hardly wait to have an intellectual conversation again
Excuse me, Ren. It's time for my appointment
Now you're gonna meet a dog with real breathing. He's a whorek. He's got my blood
At last cousin come on in say something intelligent
The he is only you are Sven
He is only you are Sven
Sven get in here you old yak gelder. I want you to meet my friend steampy. He's an idiot
Steampy say hello to a superior creature. Hello superior creature, but he is only you are Sven
He is only you are Sven. Is that the face of intelligence or what?
Turn around you sick little monkey. I'll go get some refreshments
Steampy a helps in unpack. Ah, okay
Hot dog you are my new friend. I share met you
Say what's that? It's my yar of spit
I've been saving it since I was a child
You saved your spit
Wait here. I want to show you something
It's my magic nose coblins
Yimmy I picked them myself. Look what I have for you
What is it?
It's my ball of band-aids. I've saved every band-aid I've ever used
Here this one's from 1962
Joy
I'll get it
But that
Oh, that's just my brain. It's always falling out. It's so big. I know you want to see mine
Okay
Golly
Your cousin is the coolest
We're lodge brothers. We both belong to the loyal order of stupids. Yeah, and now we show you our secret handshake
What is this beautiful thing? It's my face material possession
Can I have some sure hop in
You want you to know that not all the scenes in are you afraid of the dark are scary for example in this scene
Just a boy listening to the radio
Okay, skip that well right here just a girl with a flash
Next okay, not a bit scary here with the glasses. Whoa
All right, it's a little scary
But if it wasn't you'd have no excuse to hide under the furniture watch
Are you afraid of the dark tonight at 9 38 30 central only on snick
I love the taste of milk max. It's a great taste. Mm-hmm, which is why for the pleasure of a top
Moto Sykes
They're not motorcycles
But moto Sykes aren't like any bikes you've ever seen
They're tested tough and now they're off in the test track
Are you ready for moto Sykes?
The eyes of justice are watching it's batman
Two faces on a firing frenzy
Surprise batman takes charge in the invincible hoverback
No contest capture claws two faces off to serve double time batman
And now back to the glow of the renon stimpy show
Any days?
Yeah, and me too
I know let's play a game
Let's see
There's scribble and gamey and monotony and pure cheesy
misery day
These are boring games
Joy
It's the funnest game in the whole wide world
Don't whiz on the electric fence
Electric fence
You set up the board and I'll go plug in the fence
Your team are your turn brother stimpy
Everywhere
Well, at least I'm home
I can follow my intellectual pursuits
My opera records
Covered in bubblegum a collection of rare
incurable diseases
violated
door dropping
painted
like dexterity
Idiots
I'm gonna do to you
I'm so angry
I'm gonna tear your lips out
That's what I'm gonna do
We don't like this friend
Yeah, you scary us
Good
You scared, huh?
Next
I'm gonna
Tear your arms out of the sockets
I'm gonna hit you and you're gonna fall
And I'm gonna laugh
Oh, I gotta take a whiz
Don't you go anywhere
You stay right here
On this spot
I'll be back this stupid thing. That's a game Ren. Yeah, it's really fun
Oh, you like this game? Oh, yeah, Ren. We love it. Oh, you like the game, huh?
Do you really like it?
It's our favorite game in the whole world. Oh, you like the game, huh?
Well, how do you like this?
So you whizzed on the electric fence, didn't you? Electric fence
It's money
Now a word from our sponsor the muddy mud skipper show is brought to you by gritty kitty litter
Hello friends
Of course, you know that when it comes to absorbency odor control and of course flavor
Gritty kitty is the best litter money can buy
But did you know that gritty kitty now comes with a prize inside? That's right in every bag
There's a neat prize waiting for you. Collect them all. There's the shaven yak litter box caddy
A baloney sandwich
A live crab
A junior barbell set
Real dynamite
A fake toe
A real toe
A fish clip
And don't forget after you're through make sure to cut out the free mask printed on the back of every bag
Remember if it doesn't say gritty kitty
It stinks
Oh, why steepie? We sure had fun today, didn't we?
So long kids. Come on steepie. Say goodbye. Uh, where are we going?
The show's over. See you next time
Next time when's that? It's pretty soon. Don't worry pretty soon
How long is that? In a little while man
What will we do to them?
Why you could flush your toes or you could eat olive loads
You could blow yourself up like a balloon
Blow myself up. Goodbye kids. See you next time
Goodbye folks and Saturday night is longer four times the tv viewing pleasure
Guaranteed when you watch the four classic episodes in every very very nick at night tonight
It's very very remember when it's four classic shows taking a look back at themselves
Very very remember when that's this week's very very nick at night and it all starts tonight at 10 9 central
Join us if you can thank you
From hollywood pictures
this summer
Jump into another dimension
Jump to a new world of adventure
Jump to the ultimate level of excitement. Let's hit the brakes where the game ends the adventure begins
Super mario brothers rated PG starts friday may 28th at a theater near you
Better stay here. It's pretty rough right? Yeah, right
Brother doesn't know what my mario flexor can do
The spring loaded fork handles the tough stuff. No problem. And the oversized tubing is made for rugging, right?
He had no idea what my mario flexor could do but he does now
Hey, let's soar by Murray
Hydro cookie the cookie factory gone mad only you can help sort them stack them and make them disappear one player
two players
Yoshi's cookie on NES and Game Boy
What's happening in the cabbage patch crimp and curl ponies you and your pony making magical hair
It's so much fun to style your magical hair beautiful
Cryptical
So separately
They're filming for Nickelodeon and we taught our hands to act lights camera action
I'm Tiffany and I love dressing in makeup, but I hate dogs that
Oh, Evan. I love Nickelodeon
Not again what happened don't know
What do you mean? You don't know I mean, I don't know
We'll figure something out for next time
Ooh a cliffhanger. I love it
Yeah, but I mean what about tonight it's almost lights out and we haven't had a full story yet
Shouldn't call a meeting without a full story Eric. It's better than no story at all
Hey, I don't see anyone else jumping in
I've got one
Whoa, he speaks who woke you up leave him alone Frank
You haven't told one in a long time David
Yeah, I've been working on this one. It's ready. Excellent. Go for it Dave
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society
I call this story
The tale of the twisted claw it was the night before Halloween the night of tricks
The night they call mischief night
No way man, don't be a wuss. It's mischief night. Yeah, but let's go someplace else
What's the matter afraid the witch is gonna get you no such thing
Then let's do it Kevin and Dougie were best friends, but Kevin was way more daring
He was always looking for adventure and on that mischief night. He found it
Moments you might hear us
You finish your dinner
You gotta at least pretend grams used to pretend to be scared
Dougie Kevin's here
Check out this costume. Well mask
You're a bomb. You're a bomb every year. So you get the same candy
Come on with book be careful and don't go too far
I hear some of the candy's poison this year
He's getting old. Let's go home. Oh, come on. We just started
Hey
Looks good in this clothes house. Are you bent after last night?
She didn't know it was us and we have costumes on
Nobody goes to miss clothes house
Yeah
We can tell everybody that we were the only ones brave enough to go to the witches also in halloween
Forget it. I'm out of here
Or I could say that you were too scared and I had to run home to mommy
Trigger tree
Anyone
Come in
So glad someone finally came
I just love halloween
But no children ever stopped by
Maybe they think the place is haunted
Let me see your costumes. Oh nice
Very nice
We got a lot more house to go ma'am and tell you what
Because you boys were the only children nice enough to come and see me on halloween
I'm going to give you a special treat
Wait right here
There's nothing to be scared. She didn't even clean it up
I've got something special for two very special boys
What is it?
It's the claw of a voucher
Ew
It isn't real. It's made of wood
They say it's charmed and whoever has it will get three wishes
Yeah
Three wishes a piece or three for both of them
I'm sure it means three wishes a piece
Thanks lady, but I think we'll just take some candy and call it a night a nonsense
You must take it
I won't take no for an answer
There you go. Just one thing
Be careful what you wish for
You might just
Get it
Be careful what you wish for you just might get it. Give me a break. That was really strange
Ah, she's just a crazy old lady
Three wishes right
Yeah
Well, I wish we can go home and lose this stupid trick or treating. Whoa
What's the matter?
It moved
Dougie, it's a piece of old junky wood like your head
Now can we try and get some more candy?
Did you see the way she was looking at us? Yeah, maybe she was sizing up our brains for her magic suits. Yeah, right
Lucky here
Some trick or treater
You get some candy boys
Candy is bad for you. Give some cavities
Maybe you should give it to us. Forget it. Did I say you could talk snot ball?
So what you got? Forget it. I worked all night for that. Give it up told camera
You're gonna live long enough to eat your stupid candy
This has been a really bad
Howling
What are you complaining for you got your wish? No more trick or treating. I'm out of here
The punks gave Dougie his wish no more trick or treats
Coincidence or was it the twisted claw afraid of the dark stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned
Nick mania goes on a one-on tomorrow get two hours of salute your shorts for maniacal episodes with sponge
But nick and og what nick mania tomorrow?
What's going on all the colors seem to be going into my cupboard
Now my gelogs fruit loops have sucked up all the color
Now there's new brighter colors in gelogs fruit loops the orange lemon cherry and lime look even more delicious
Gelogs fruit loops a more colorful part of your nutritious breakfast. Ah, I know how to fix this gray world
Oh
Now that was a bright idea gelogs fruit loops now with the brighter colors
What wiggles and squiggles and makes you giggle the fantastic motorized drawing pen just turn the pen on and feel it wiggle
It's a giggle the squiggle wiggle comes with pens of five different colors
Squiggle the giggle pen that you'll play with for hours squiggle wiggle the oscillating pen
Squiggle wiggle writer the original writer by large squiggle wriggle writer
Right tasting time okay, really really good stuff
Somebody asked me once they said well, how do you do a new show for kids?
And I said well, sort of like you do it for grown-ups only a whole lot better nicknews w5 kids are a lot tougher audience
Now the sneaking begins again with are you afraid of the dark?
I think it's bogus. Why are you so nervous? Sorry it gives me the creeps
Yeah
Well, it's gonna give me something I've wanted since I was a kid
Bostic
Field is this afternoon
And I want to be bostic in the 600
Forget it. Nobody beats bostic until now
Someone's got to shut him down
Oh man, don't do it
I wish
I wish it could be bostic in the 600
Whoa
It moved
I told you that thing's alive
Yeah, it was a house of you bostic this afternoon
I don't care if it jumps up and picks my nose
600 finals come on you guys. Let's go. Let's go. Move move move
He thinks he's so good
He is
Yeah, we'll see
Come on Kevin
others taking positions, please
Go you guys come on move in move in move in on the line, please. Let's go
Look Kevin
Well, let's do it. Yeah
You
Okay, you guys ready?
Runners take your marks
Get set
Don't case that I hurts my leg home
I hurts tell mr. White to get an ambulance
Then you relax son. It's going to be all right helps coming
Is he okay?
Well having a broken leg okay
I hurt
She didn't just trip. It was a dog one wish
And something evil happened each time to make the wishes come true cool
I'd wish for a million bucks and take my chances
So what happened that night dougie's parents went out for dinner
So kevin came over
And he brought something with them
The gold medley one in the 600
He broke his leg you wished it to happen and it did it was an accident
Miss claus had to be careful what we wish for because we might get it
Dougie get a grip. There's nothing magic going on here. Yeah, what about those guys that tried to beat us up?
Where'd they come from? Oh, jeez
Cramps are here. He don't want to do dougie enough. What if my parents find out what happened to miss claus?
I'll be grounded for life. They're not gonna find out. It's over
I say we take this back to miss claus and apologize
Then I could tell my folks we did the right thing and forget it
No one is telling nobody nothing my fault about my folks about my folks. I wish you just lose your folks
It moved in it
No, no, it's it's just you made a wish. No, I didn't you wish I lose my folks. Yeah, but
Don't answer me
Yes, this is lieutenant crothers from the cooper city police
I have some bad news for you son. Your parents have been in a car accident
They've been taken to the hospital
Who's there? Mom and dad had an accident. They're in the hospital. It was the wish. The way
It was you wished it
It's gonna be okay. Yeah
No, every time we make a whistling bad happens. Then do something. I wish grants were here. He don't want to do
Dougie, your grandfather's dead
You don't think it's grant his car. It's him. No, I don't want to be no ghost
He's snow. I'm gonna make the wish we shoot him in from the start
We're sorry we broke his clothes vase and we wish it never ever happened
Don't answer it. I got it. I forgot our keys
Again, if I didn't take them they wouldn't get taken. Hi kid
You guys are okay. Nothing happened. They only went over to the morrisons
Oh apart from that maniac truck driver that almost side swiped us. Oh, wasn't that dramatic?
Whoa, what's this for? I'm just glad to see you
We're glad to see you too
Hang out guys. I say we raid the fridge for some ice cream
The car I don't get it
Wait, how'd that happen? Check your pockets
My metal's gone. Where'd it go?
Boston's got it. See what?
He's got it. He won the race just like he was supposed to and there never was a ghost car
And those tough guys never chased us. What do you mean? I mean, I finally made the right wish. None of it ever happened
Are you sure the car was gone?
What does it say?
Trick or treat all they could hear
This is sound of the wind blowing through the trees
Or was it the cackle of a sly?
The end I declare this meeting of the midnight society closed
Until next time pleasant dreams everyone
Tonight you can see all the greatest moments of the lucy show by watching just one episode
It's the first show in very very remember when
Four great shows recalling their own classic moments enough memories to last two hours
So stay tuned